some people had a question about how DNA
works on the HTC Thunderbolt so it's
kind of blurry but should be able to see
it
right now I'm using my computer we have
10 media player in order to differ dent
away work you need to have these things
two things clicks always remote control
all my player and and then you should
have and just have a set up I'm doesn't
start as an Internet if I set it up so
we go on the phone and go to videos
let's play bo bees beasts mode let's
play off of my phone right now but leave
the press menu switchblade see my
computer shows up
okay so now you see it so this is this
is 720p video playing my 24-inch any
succeeding deposit play like a jump I
catch up my iron video I get two
thousand tears the first unit you gave a
I was the underdog oh no no for
other DLNA devices what happens is if
you have a ps3 this this pushes music
videos to it so um let's see let's go to
uh in here
connected devices connection media so
you just send the send videos and as a
test will go over to go with TV
now the ps3 does not support how you saw
a computer work how I just haven't
played the ps3 does not support only a
few devices support s so this is my box
boxee box and then we have to store the
store my NASA is actually DLNA so you
just see a hidden here net worth I'm
plug-and-play so it doesn't show up here
not at all some more story is you cannot
push mute you cannot push videos
now push video at all you can have
pushing music from you can i push video
from here to the ps3 or xbox maybe it
not be a straight sorry